I can't believe this look Homo habilis
hasn't even learned how to use tools
here they've got him here with clay pots
why don't they just give a microwave I'm
sorry I'm sorry this is taking so long
you know I this is longer than I
expected we will have dinner oh I'm done
yeah well you know what so is
sorrentinos what ok I'm sorry let's uh
why don't we find someplace else it's
late everything's gonna be closed why
don't we just do it another night no no
we won't we won't come on
ok that's dead right do you want an
apple the cran-grape
[Music]
ok
so what are we looking at well you see
that a little cluster of stars next to
the big one that is Ursa Major really no
idea couldn't he listen I'm sorry I had
to work tonight that's okay
you were worth the wait hmm and I don't
just mean tonight
you know laughter it's time it's not so
funny
[Music]
that's okay
what oh no you just rolled over the
juice box
[Music]
[Laughter]
you can't believe I'm waking up next to
you I know it is pretty unbelievable